my five favorite PPC strategies so what
can you do to maximize your return on
your pay-per-click campaign well I want
you to try out these five strategies and
watch your Roi Skyrocket
strategy number one launch remarketing
or retargeting campaigns
when you use remarketing to Target a
familiar visitor under 70 more likely to
purchase your product instead of a
competitors you're probably wondering
what is this remarketing or retargeting
that you're talking about think of it
this way
you go you look to buy something you
browse Amazon or any e-commerce site
have you noticed when you look at
something you may have added that to
your cart but if you don't buy and you
keep browsing around the web you start
seeing ads for that product it's crazy
right are they mind readers no what
they're doing is using something called
remarketing what that does is the
website is telling Google or Facebook
Hey this person viewed this product they
didn't buy it so can you please show
them ads for it because they're
interested in it and maybe the ad will
convince them to come back and buy again
super effective strategy one of your
highest converting campaigns you gotta
leverage remarketing and it works for
both b2c and B2B companies strategy 2
leverage a cost Channel approach Google
ads is great but you might need to use a
different platform to balance out your
approach there's Facebook there's
Instagram there's Tick Tock there's
Snapchats there's Reddit there's
Pinterest the list goes on and on but
here's what's important with this
strategy it's not about actually using
just let's say Google and Facebook and
Instagram and Tick Tock it's actually
taking your learnings from one platform
and applying it to the other when you do
that what you'll find is that all become
more efficient and you'll start
generating a much higher Roi strategy
three design mobile friendly landing
pages look more than 50 percent of the
clicks happen on mobile devices I don't
care if you're in b2c or B2B mobile is
super popular you gotta optimize your
landing pages for mobile and they need
to be different than desktop landing
pages if you put all that content you
would do on a desktop device for a
mobile landing page probably not going
to convert as well whether you use
images or videos or quick animated gifs
to get your message across you need to
have your mobile landing pages be super
friendly when it comes to a visual
aspect they also need to be responsive
so it works on any type of mobile
devices some people have five inch
screens some people have seven inch
screens some people have 10 inch screens
it needs to adapt to their device size
and you need a Content delivery Network
CDN which is what it stands for as well
so that your website or your mobile
landing pages load faster a CDN puts
your site on servers throughout the
whole world so that way when people
visit your website it pulls from a
server that's the closest to the city
they're in
strategy four use my Google ads Creator
look go to neilpatel.com click on the
tools navigation link and I want you to
go on to the Google ads grader or if you
don't see the menu go to neilpatel.com
blog and you'll see it at the top or on
the homepage neilpatel.com it's in the
footer the Google ads Creator will tell
you everything that's wrong with your
Google ads and how to fix them strategy
number five choose your campaign type YZ
look their search ads or display ads or
social ads and there's Google shopping
ads and the list goes on and on heck you
can even do ads within stories in
Instagram there's so many ad types you
need to test them all and you need to be
mindful so for example if I was doing an
ad on Snapchat
I would actually take the copy I would
normally present on a landing page put
it in Snapchat so when people can
actually see it and then if they want to
end up visiting my site to learn or buy
more they can visit my site but that way
I'm keeping on snap and pitching them
there which means more people are going
to see my message and I found that
increases my conversion rates in other
words you need to be mindful of the
channels that you're using so you can
adapt your advertising and your
marketing to those channels now if you
just want my team to do all this for you
check out my Ad Agency NP digital if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching